Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
(Lee Jun Young)
(Lee Ju Myoung)
(Jeon Hye Jin. Jin Goo)
(Reborn Rookie)
Going electric made it
much quieter. didn't it?
It holds corners without slipping.
and the handling is superb.
At this rate. you should
debut in F1. Chairman.
The battery cell temperature is over 35°C.
limiting the power output.
Have RnD look into replacing
it with a higher-density one.
Yes. Chairman.
I can't trust anyone to do anything right.
The sun sets and rises right on schedule.
so why can't people get it
together after a lifetime of work?
- Sang Jae.
- Yes. Chairman.
Gather the presidents.
Tell them I have something to say.
Let's go!
I've been watching you for the past month.
And your tenacity and work
ethic are your greatest strengths.
- Thank you.
- It's time to play in the majors.
Join us at Choiseong.
Really?
Am I really going to play for Choiseong?
Thank you. Thank you so much.
Welcome aboard.
(Article 2: Signing Bonus and Contract Date)
(A 500.000-dollar signing bonus)
(Name: Hwang Jun Hyeon)
Hwang Jun Hyeon. could
you share a few words with us?
I promise I'll give it my all.
With all my heart. I will make sure
Choiseong FC wins the championship.
Unbelievable.
The Chairman is arriving.
Good morning. Chairman.
(Chairman Kang Yong Ho of Choiseong Group)
(Chairman Kang Yong Ho)
Be seated.
- Good morning. Chairman.
(Kang Jae Seong. President
of Choiseong C&T Corporation)
Park Gi Mok. President of Choiseong
Engineering and Construction.
Yes. Chairman.
You've got time to go out drinking.
Life must be good.
How did you know...
You should be rallying your employees.
not letting others buy you drinks.
Don't tell me you lined your
pockets while you were at it.
No! Absolutely not. sir.
I was the one paying for all the drinks.
Choiseong Group's goal this year
was to rank in the top five. wasn't it?
But at this rate. it won't be long
before we drop out of the top ten.
Why do you think I start
every dawn at the racetrack?
To torture you?
Because I'm hung up on cars? No.
I do it so I don't lose my edge.
To remember the founding
principle that has guided Choiseong.
So I know what brings
profit and what brings loss.
Racing against time.
(Global...)
I remind myself every single second.
(Park Gi Mok. President of Choiseong EnC)
So I've made a decision.
I think it's time I stopped working
and enjoyed my golden years.
And leave Choiseong to someone faster.
- Sir.
- Yes.
I'm not as sharp as I used to be.
Speeding and cornering...
It's become sluggish.
and my memory is fading.
The Strategy and Planning Team
will begin the succession process.
so I expect your full cooperation.
- Yes. Chairman.
Yes? "Yes. Chairman"?
In the old days. if a king said
he'd pass the throne to his heir.
all his subjects would
have begged him not to.
But you all were eagerly waiting
for me. Kang Yong Ho. to step down.
(Chairman Kang Yong Ho)
Not a single one of you is protesting.
- That's not true. Chairman!
- You mustn't. Chairman!
You must continue to lead us!
You're as vigorous as ever!
President Kang Jae Gyeong.
President Kang Jae Seong.
You have a month to deliver
results that will convince the board.
I'll make my final decision then.
That is all.
Chairman.
Chairman. Father.
So what are we supposed to do?
Are we supposed to get on our
knees and beg in the main lobby?
He should just name a successor already.
Now we're the ones expected
to suck up to one of the twins.
They made him president of CnT
just because he's the eldest son.
and he runs every business
he touches into the ground.
Is he good for anything but giving
cushy jobs to friends and family?
President Kang Jae Gyeong acts so proud...
of growing the chemical division.
And she's known for not treating
her subordinates like human beings.
My vote's for President Kang Jae Gyeong.
Did you see him? Kang Jae
Seong looked like a mess.
Father.
You said nothing about
this until yesterday.
and now you're announcing succession?
- Stop springing things on us.
- Decide right now.
- I'm confident I can do it. Father.
- What. you think I'm not?
I'm the definition of confidence.
Just follow tradition and
give me the chairmanship.
Isn't it Choiseong's tradition
for the eldest son to succeed?
You didn't treat me differently
just for being a woman.
You taught me how to box
instead of sending me to ballet.
I well remember you cheering me
on whenever I knocked down the boys.
Choiseong's principle is meritocracy.
What are you staring at? Want
me to tell everyone I beat you?
Show your big brother
some respect. or I'll...
You were born just 50 seconds
before me. Big brother. my foot.
I've set the stage.
Go fight it out for one month.
Since you're both so confident.
we'll see who's corrupt
and who's incompetent.
The doors are closing.
Get the CnT Division
executives in here. Now.
First. I want performance reports
for our business units redone.
The Yuncheon City port project.
How's the coal pier expansion going?
Environmental groups oppose us.
Local residents are protesting too.
So we're just supposed to sit on our hands?
Go butter them up. Tell
them we'll compromise.
Just look at our Managing Director Song.
He got that huge solar power plant built...
- and building the hydrogen plant.
- About that...
Ohpoong City hasn't been very cooperative.
I'm afraid we might have
to scale back the project.
Downsize? We should be
expanding. not shrinking them!
Recovery costs from the fire
at the Singapore mall build...
is not going to be cheap. President.
Are you all hoping for me to fail?
Or are you Kang Jae Gyeong's moles?
Deceptively hide the
businesses that are in the red.
and inflate whatever numbers
you can to the absolute maximum.
That's the only way we'll beat
Choiseong Chemical! Okay?
- Yes. sir!
- President...
Of all of Choiseong Chemical's...
recent accomplishments. - Here we go.
What would you consider
your greatest triumph?
The division's top achievement is.
without a doubt. Choiseong Energy.
Our flagship lithium-ion battery
lets us lead the battery field.
And to solve the overheating
issue. a major public concern.
we are accelerating the development
of our All-Solid-State Battery.
Our chemical arm drives Choiseong.
It's the core of our business.
It'll be Korea's new growth engine.
leading the global battery market.
- Controlling the narrative is key.
- Tell the reporter to run it.
- Release the articles.
- And it all starts with media spin.
I'll send out the press release
and start pitching to the media.
Please send it out right away.
Yes. I'm calling about the
release. Have you seen it?
I sent over the press release.
Were you able to take a look?
(President Kang Jae Gyeong is so cool...)
(With batteries. Choiseong will be number 1.)
(Choiseong stock will skyrocket! To the moon!)
(Recommend. support. sad. want follow-up)
("A Record of the Battle")
(Certificate of commendation.
Chairman Kang Yong Ho)
(Certificate of merit.
Have you truly made up your mind. Chairman?
Chairmen in their 40s and 50s
are the new trend for every company.
Besides.
now that I've announced I'm stepping down.
the twins will rear their
heads and make a play for it.
And people will start
scrambling to pick a side.
Are you saying you want
them to form factions?
You want to cause a rift within the Group?
The greater the conflict.
the easier it is to separate
the wheat from the chaff.
Since you don't have a
successor you're truly happy with.
you'll give the chairman's seat to
whoever has the strongest faction...
and rule from behind the throne.
Lee Sang Jae. you...
I wish I'd had you as my son.
Right?
(Proposal)
Where are you headed?
Thought I'd leave on the dot for once.
On the dot.
The Chairman is leaving for the day.
What's the status on that task I assigned?
What?
I made a special seafood stew. Honey.
Nice.
The oysters were so fresh.
They were practically
begging me to take them home.
- The changing seasons wear you out.
- Seon Hee.
That's enough.
Message received. No encore.
You two. no shop talk at the
table. Let your father eat in peace.
The secondary battery project
is getting a great response.
You saw the group stock jump...
on the All-Solid-State Battery news. right?
The stock rose due to the
article about our CnT division...
moving forward with the
Yuncheon City infrastructure project.
I mean the article on
the 30.000-ton berth...
for the coal pier at Yuncheon.
But locals and environmental
groups are protesting it.
Expanding the pier will create jobs.
What are their protests going to do?
And do you have any
leverage to make them stop?
Why would a corporation care about
protests from citizens or activists?
That nonsense is for
public officials to deal with.
Just crunch the numbers
and see if it's profitable. Period.
Seriously...
And you two think you have
what it takes to be chairman?
What do you mean. "chairman"?
Are you already planning to
pass on the company to the kids?
What do you mean. "already"?
Our father has worked all his life.
He deserves a break.
He should go on trips with you. Mother.
Wouldn't that be nice?
All of a sudden? You haven't
said a word to me about this.
Is something wrong? Are you sick?
Are you hiding some
kind of illness from me?
Don't be ridiculous.
I'm taking a bath after
dinner. I'm feeling a little stiff.
Chairman. I'm here.
What brings you here at this hour?
I'm here to take the
Chairman to the racetrack.
He wants to test drive the
car with the new battery.
He didn't mention that.
Just a moment ago. he said
he was going to take a bath.
Night driving has its own thrill.
You came at the perfect time.
- Why are you so hard to reach?
- What is it? I'm busy.
It looks like your dad is
stepping down as chairman.
Take this chance to get on your
brother and sister's good side.
so you can finally come back to Korea.
Once the succession is settled
and they see you want no shares.
they won't keep you
exiled in the States forever.
What. you think I'm some puppet
that comes and goes as I'm told?
Wait. isn't it morning for you in New York?
Why is it so loud over there?
- Were you clubbing all night again?
- I'm hanging up.
Bang Geul.
Kang Bang Geul.
Gosh.
- The manager's glass is empty.
- Right away.
Here you go.
So. what department did
you say you were in again?
I'm Casey Kang. an intern
with Materials Team Two.
- Okay. Hey. bottoms up.
- Bottoms up.
Hidden funds overseas?
We've confirmed President Kang Jae Seong...
created a 300-million-dollar slush fund.
and President Kang Jae Gyeong
created a 350-million-dollar one.
You didn't just find this
out in the past few days.
(Special Audit Report.
Choiseong Chemical Slush Fund)
You waited until the
succession announcement?
Just to mess with me?
I'm sorry. sir. We needed
to double-check everything.
So you're saying the information is solid.
To clear your mind. let's
take a lap around the track.
That's why I brought you here.
Are you giving me the
poison and the antidote?
At times like this. the
only thing to do is walk.
The Chairman just left.
You scared me.
Were you following me?
If Managing Director Lee called
Father out here. it's obvious why.
He must have something to report in secret.
Darn it. that's got to be
about our dirty dealings.
You've got dirt on you too?
As much dirt as you? You're
the one who had him tailed.
- Hey. that was hard to set up...
- Come on!
- Give it to me. I won't ask again.
- Don't touch me!
Seriously. again with this...
Is the battery change done?
I heard Manager Jang
already took care of it.
I think I'll take it for a spin. after all.
No matter how much I walk.
I can't seem to clear my head.
- Just give it to me!
- I swear I'm going to...
- What was that?
- I thought Father already left.
- Floor it.
- What?
If we get caught. we're
done for. Just drive!
What happened?
For crying out loud.
Manager Jang. please cover
for me. Make up a good excuse.
I was never there.
What was that all about?
You see...
The motor sounded a little off.
so I just sent it to the repair shop.
But you told me the
replacement was finished.
With the Chairman's safety at
stake. I thought it was best to be sure.
Should I have another car brought around?
Nevermind.
When I drive on a day like this. I
always seem to have an accident.
Choiseong FC. the number
one team in the K League.
announced today they have
signed Hwang Jun Hyeon.
Hwang Jun Hyeon. who was
with FC Soonyang for three years.
started 31 games this season.
with 13 goals and 9 assists.
and was named the K League Two MVP.
After a fierce bidding war
among several pro teams.
he has finalized his
transfer to Choiseong FC.
That's my grandson.
I'm so happy for you.
Congratulations.
Look who's calling.
Grandma.
That's not him.
My grandson Jun Hyeon is the
soccer star. Hwang Jun Hyeon.
Look here. Grandma.
It's me. your grandson. right?
Hwang Jun Hyeon. number
77. striker for Choiseong FC.
It is you. My grandson.
The turf is killer. And
the uniforms are so soft.
Talk about soccer. and she's sharp.
Who'd guess Ok Sun has dementia?
I'll make it to the Premier League.
just like you always wanted. Grandma.
Our hard times are over now.
Darn it. why can't I hear anything?
Can you make out what they're saying?
Hey. I told you Father already
left. Just get us to the racetrack.
- Looks like it's a foreign account.
- Foreign? Where?
- Move!
- Let me see!
Just drive.
I even bought your favourite
chocolate cake. Grandma.
What was that?
Darn it.
Jun Hyeon!
Come on. answer me. Say something.
I said. answer me!
Male. 20s. traffic accident.
Unconscious. can't get a BP reading.
Sir!
His only family is his grandmother.
and she has dementia.
What am I supposed to do?
Suspected abdominal
bleed and leg fractures.
Are you hurt. sir?
No. some cat jumped out of nowhere.
so I swerved and hit the guardrail.
Manager Jang.
My father can never find out about this.
You get me?
Get rid of all of it. Police CCTV.
dashcams. and any witnesses.
I want this handled
perfectly before sunrise.
We've handled the racetrack's CCTV.
We've silenced the entrance staff.
- He's going into emergency surgery.
- Right.
Hello?
Yes. Understood.
(Are you sure you want to delete
these CCTV files from the database?)
(Delete. Confirm and Exit)
(Operating Center)
- Good morning. sir.
Good morning. sir.
I've made sure to replace the battery.
You'll feel the difference when
you take it for a drive. Chairman.
So you've tinkered with
the unnecessary parts.
Did my kids stop by last night?
No. sir. No. Nothing like that happened.
(No saved footage)
Please forgive me. Chairman.
They said they hit the
guardrail trying to avoid a cat.
and since no one was hurt.
the Presidents told me I
absolutely could not tell you.
You're sure you completely erased
the accident's CCTV footage. right?
Have you ever known me to mess things up?
If you're so perfect. how did
Father find out about our slush fund?
We don't know that for sure.
If Father knew. do you really
think he'd just let it slide?
That document...
might not have been a
tip-off about the slush fund.
Look. it's money that
would've been ours anyway.
So what if we took it in advance?
We're helping him save on taxes.
Other chairmen set up
slush funds for their kids.
They even sort out the
inheritance in advance.
All my friends are already
running their companies.
That greedy old man. Darn it.
Do you think he's planning to cut us out?
What?
He's like a cunning
snake. sitting high above us.
using this slush fund as a leash...
to keep his grip on power for even longer.
What. does he want to be king forever?
If he plans to keep taunting
us. he's lost his mind.
No matter how hard we try. we'll
never be good enough for him.
Even if we take over the company.
we'll still be walking on eggshells
around him just like now...
and have to say. "Thank you. Your Majesty."
for any scrap he throws our way.
Just my luck. Darn it.
And him?
Is he dead?
(Absolute bed rest)
Mr. Hwang. you're awake.
How are you feeling?
The surgery went well.
It won't affect your daily life at all.
However. you have multiple torn ligaments.
including your PCL. and
a fracture in your lower leg.
It's going to be a tough recovery.
I'm sorry to say this.
but playing soccer again...
is going to be impossible.
What?
What are you talking about?
You just said the surgery was a success.
We did everything we could.
but I'm very sorry.
No. Doctor.
You want to know what "doing your best" is?
It's training at 5am every day
for over 15 years. missing none.
My grandma may forget her own name.
(Gyeonggi National High School)
but she'd never forget her
grandson is a soccer player.
For her sake. I hide how hard
it is. That's giving it your all.
I'm going to play again. I
must play again. no matter what.
So please...
Please. just fix my leg.
Doctor.
I'm begging you.
Now that the slush fund has been confirmed.
I believe it's too soon to
proceed with the succession.
I'm sure you're on edge
too. Managing Director Lee.
You've seen those two
presidents at their worst.
Bury it.
The slush fund.
Have all the related documents...
permanently destroyed.
And make sure our people
keep their mouths shut.
The amount is not insignificant. sir.
- If you keep covering for them...
- Those two...
checked my dashcam yesterday.
And even so. you're still
going to cover this up?
They've lived their whole
lives under my thumb.
Whoever takes over needs
to be properly empowered.
I've decided they can't
be intimidated anymore.
I won't let fear of their father
turn them into incompetent fools.
Understood. Chairman.
Bring it here.
(Choiseong Group Special
Internal Audit Report)
This is the property I
set aside for my wife.
Liquidate it and book it as revenue...
for the CnT and Chemical divisions.
Before we get caught and
become a public disgrace.
Yes. sir.
Then I'll proceed with preparations
for the succession announcement.
Being a chaebol chairman
doesn't make a difference.
You're just a parent. It's a life sentence.
Sir. you can't do that!
- Sir!
- Hey. you can't take those off!
Sir. please calm down!
(I can come back.)
(Please call me.)
(Coach. Choiseong FC)
The number called is unavailable.
Leave a message after the tone.
(Caregiver aunt)
(Missed call: Grandma)
(Yeongshin Capital)
(King Money)
(Gyeonggi Hope Care Hospital)
Go ahead and grab the bar.
Grab the bar. Gosh. are you okay?
Chairman. I'm here.
Gosh. It's been a while.
We used to eat breakfast here
when something big was going down.
Whether their son or grandson takes over.
the broth always tastes the same.
Same goes for their radish kimchi.
I'm only now realising
how incredible that is.
So you don't end up
with regrets like I did.
- focus on raising your kids right.
- Yes. sir. That's the plan.
When you step down.
Chairman. I plan to retire as well.
So that's why you wanted me to stay on?
- Because you need the paycheck?
- You're just now figuring that out?
As for your successor.
have you made a decision?
I have to.
In a way that best protects Choiseong.
(Y.H. Kang)
It's 3. 2. 5. Y...
(325Y 20)
(Y.H. Kang. 325Y 20...)
I saw it with my own two eyes.
The license plate was 3. 2. 5. Y. 2. 0.
It was 3. 2. 5. Y. 2. 0?
I don't remember the rest.
But there are just 100 possibilities.
A search should find it. right?
And it had a strange rear decal.
Okay. but do you have any proof?
Like a photo or video
with the license plate?
It must have been caught
on the traffic cameras.
That's a blind spot. Cameras
and backup were out.
So there's no footage whatsoever.
- But...
- We can't go on memory alone.
Confirmed. Victim has no evidence.
My end is taken care of. What's
the status on Choiseong FC?
What do you mean. a penalty fee?
I already gave back
the entire signing bonus!
(General Manager Han Jae Kwon)
With the transfer fee we paid.
Choiseong FC has taken a huge loss.
Unfortunately. we've decided
that we can't renew your contract.
Sir.
I can recover with physical therapy.
I'll rehab and prove I can play.
So please...
Please. give me one more chance.
Team morale is at rock bottom.
It's true you've weakened our team.
But still. a million-dollar
penalty? That's going too far!
The decision came from
the top. Our hands are tied.
Now that he's drowning
in debt he can't handle.
he won't be getting any funny ideas.
(Seeking witnesses to a traffic accident)
(Nov 27. 2025. 9:35pm.
near Choiseong FC...)
(Reward offered)
Darn it.
(Caregiver aunt)
Hello?
Why haven't you answered
your phone? I was worried sick!
Aunt.
You've been through so much.
Everything's going to be okay now.
I'm not okay.
They said there's no evidence.
What do you mean. no evidence?
Didn't you see the file I sent you?
I always record our video calls
so Grandma can watch them later.
(325Y 2058)
It's 325Y 2058.
(License plate search.
Integrated history inquiry)
(Integrated history inquiry. 325Y 2058)
(Third-party inquiry. unauthorized.
Car model: Maserati MC20 Cielo)
(Maserati MC20 Cielo)
("MC20 Cielo Unveiled. One of
Only Ten Supercars Worldwide")
("One of Only Ten Supercars in the World")
(Speed lover Chairman Kang
Yong Ho acquires supercar.)
(He spends his leisure time...)
(reading F1 magazines.
his "simple pleasure.")
"Simple pleasures." What a joke.
(Chairman Kang Yong Ho of Choiseong Group)
(This is a special issue of F1 Magazine.)
But we already received this month's issue.
This is a special issue. It was
ordered for express delivery.
Take it straight up to
the Chairman's office.
(This is a special issue of F1 Magazine.)
Contact me if you want to see what's next.
To the owner of car 325Y 2058.
The Chairman will see you now.
Mr. Hwang Jun Hyeon.
That was quite a bold move you made.
I'm not one to take things lying down.
Take things lying down?
Let's see if you can still
be so brazen after this.
Please forgive me. Chairman.
They said they hit the
guardrail trying to avoid a cat.
and since no one was hurt.
the Presidents told me I
absolutely could not tell you.
My career as a soccer
player is over because of you.
I was so thrilled to be
playing for Choiseong FC!
Using my injury to void the
contract and demand a penalty fee...
Did you really think I'd
get scared and back down?
You thought you could hide the
truth by faking proof and bribing cops?
So. what's your price?
Shouldn't a decent human
being apologise first?
To me. an apology is money.
There's no apology more
sincere than paying the right price.
And that's what you'd prefer anyway.
What about my life?
You think you can just ruin a life
and money makes it all go away?
Bring me Hwang Jun
Hyeon's professional record...
and his Choiseong FC contract.
Yes. Chairman.
("From Rookie to MVP. the
Rise of Hwang Jun Hyeon")
(Professional soccer player contract)
You signed a contract for
500.000 dollars a month ago.
You played for the national team
but were demoted after an injury.
Looks like you had a rough time.
So. what do you think you're worth?
A soccer player's career usually...
ends in the mid-30s. correct?
So. another ten years?
What are you getting at?
Even if you played for Choiseong
FC and. by some luck. avoided injury.
the most your salary would've
been is five million dollars.
I'll give you that money.
And we'll waive the penalty fee.
With that kind of money. you
can start over and do anything.
But...
you give me that video.
- And if I refuse?
- Think this through rationally.
Even if you give that
video to police and sue me.
I'll get some flak.
make the news for a bit.
and at worst. I'll step down
as chairman for a short while.
Do you want that. instead
of a massive windfall?
It must be fun. having
the world bend to your will.
What gives you the
right to decide my future?
You think you can glance at my
file and put a price tag on my life?
Does my life seem that worthless to you?
Who are you to judge...
if I'll be the next Messi or Son Heung Min?
You've got a nasty streak.
Coming here to squeeze money from
me after a doc said you're washed up...
And you'll amount to what?
And what if I decide to sue you?
What if I fight this to the
end. prove it was a hit-and-run.
and try to destroy Choiseong?
What will you do then?
You think my company can fall that easily?
To a punk like you?
For me. soccer was my entire life.
It meant more to me than
Choiseong ever did to you.
My grandma's dream was for
me to play in the Premier League.
All the sacrifices my grandma made.
and all my sweat and
tears. I shed on the field.
Can you put a price on all of that?
I can.
Whatever amount you want.
(Corporate Check)
Name your price. If you
want ten million. write it.
I'm curious myself.
Just how much you're going to ask for...
as compensation for that
so-called precious life of yours.
Chairman. the presidents have arrived.
Come back when you've
decided to drop this whole thing.
My offer is final.
You've got a nasty streak.
Coming here to squeeze money from
me after a doc said you're washed up...
And you'll amount to what?
I can. Whatever amount you want.
Darn it.
Excuse me. I'm so sorry.
Who is that punk?
With five million...
I could get my grandma
into a really nice place.
With that money. I could
pay off all our family's debt.
I could do anything I want
with that kind of money.
With that kind of money...
I'm curious myself.
Just how much you're going to ask for...
as compensation for that
so-called precious life of yours.
(Corporate Check)
(Issuer: Kang Yong Ho)
(Grandma)
- Jun Hyeon!
Grandma.
She refuses to wear her patient gown now.
She says she'll be well enough to go
to the stadium soon. Right. Ok Sun?
- See? I can eat all by myself.
- Oh. my.
- Oh. dear. Oh. no.
- Napkin.
Here you go.
Ok Sun.
what team does Jun Hyeon play for?
- Choiseong FC.
- That's right! You got it!
Great job. So. what's Jun
Hyeon's jersey number?
Lucky 7. Number 77.
- And what position does he play?
- Striker. He's a forward.
Your grandma is a genius.
I'll call you back in a bit. okay?
Go get them. my boy!
(Grandma)
Grandma. I'm so sorry.
They say I can't play soccer anymore.
What am I going to do? I
can't keep my promise to you.
What am I really going to do now?
Attention. The Board of
Directors meeting will begin shortly.
Attending executives. please proceed
to the Boardroom on the third floor.
Attention. The Board of
Directors meeting will begin shortly.
Attending executives. please proceed
to the Boardroom on the third floor.
I'm sorry. Father. But
the one driving was...
Kang Jae Seong.
All I did was try to clean up the mess.
Kang Jae Gyeong was the one
who told me we should run for it.
Had she not messed with
the dashcam in the car.
we wouldn't have crashed. Father.
I'm serious.
First. for being so sloppy with
the slush fund management...
that the Strategy and
Planning Team found out.
Two.
You dared to snoop behind
my back and crash my prized car.
Three!
You dragged my name through the
mud and couldn't handle the aftermath.
I've decided that neither of
you is fit to lead this company.
Don't even dream of
becoming the next chairman.
I will make it official at the
Board of Directors' meeting.
Both of you...
should be prepared to
step down as presidents.
Father!
- Oh. my.
- What are you doing? Shut the door.
Father!
- Hey!
- Darn it.
The stairs!
The stairs. right.
It's him. The young guy coming
out from the Chairman's office.
Hwang what's-his-name?
How did he know to find us here?
I thought you destroyed the
proof. How could you be so sloppy?
The fact is. you were
driving when we crashed.
If you get fired as president.
you're dead.
You think I'm going down alone?
- Hey. stop.
- Oh. come on!
- Stop! Just stop!
- And why should I listen to you?
- Hey. just a second!
- Let go.
- Stop!
Father!
- No! Chairman!
- Father!
Father!
Oh. my goodness. Chairman!
What's all that noise?
That guy. Sang Jae...
Where did he go?
My legs... What?
My legs are moving?
What?
What's this?
Am I dreaming?
What? What's going on?
A hospital?
What is all this?
Young female patient. unconscious!
Let's take her straight to resuscitation.
Wait...
Sir?
Are you with us?
You there.
Who do I appear to be to you?
You look like Hwang Jun Hyeon.
- Right?
- No. why?
Why would I be that punk? Just why?
Sir. you only woke up
a day after the accident.
You need to calm down and rest.
- What?
- Just a moment.
- How many fingers am I holding up?
- Gosh. forget that.
I... Where am I?
Oh. well...
Nurse. prep another brain CT
for the patient. Hwang Jun Hyeon.
- Yes. Doctor.
- No. that's not it. Look...
Excuse me...
What hospital is this?
This is Hangang University
Hospital. We need to scan your...
That's enough! Get out of my way. punk!
- Sir!
- Why... How is this working?
Mr. Hwang Jun Hyeon!
It appears to be a temporary shock.
Then why hasn't he woken up yet?
He's only sleeping. His
MRI scans came back clear.
so there's no need to worry.
Father-in-law has always
been incredibly healthy.
Run some other tests just in case. Seok Do.
His sudden announcement
about the succession...
It's really weighing on my mind.
Gosh. she's so annoying.
Why would a housewife care
who takes over the company?
Jae Gyeong. I'm just worried...
- about your father.
- Exactly.
Then just stick to worrying.
You've been great at that so far.
Please. don't worry too much. The
Chairman will be up soon. ma'am.
Of course. He has to be.
Right before the Chairman's accident.
what exactly happened?
You both came running in frantically.
You were trying to hold him back.
screaming at him to stop.
Stop what?
- That's not what happened.
- Stop!
Stop!
When did we say that?
- What about the other guy?
- No idea.
But I don't think they just fell together.
- Didn't the Chairman push him?
- Hey. watch your mouth.
The intranet is blowing up. saying
the chair headbutted him and fell.
There's definitely some history
between him and that man.
Gosh. what is with the Chairman?
First. the sudden succession.
and now this random headbutting incident.
He's never had one scandal his entire life.
so maybe it really is
time for him to step down.
There are too many ears here.
The company is in a critical situation.
so I suggest you all watch your mouths.
Right. How is the Chairman
doing? Any sign of him waking up?
- What?
- What's this?
("Breaking. Choiseong
Chairman in Hit-and-run")
- What?
- What is it?
- What is this?
- A hit-and-run?
Breaking news.
Regarding a recent hit-and-run
near the Choiseong Racetrack.
the owner of the vehicle...
has shockingly been identified
as Chairman Kang Yong Ho.
Furthermore. an anonymous
source claims that Chairman Kang...
assaulted the victim both verbally
and physically. causing outrage.
The victim's reportedly being
treated at a hospital in Seoul.
and some eyewitnesses
claim that Chairman Kang...
was the first one to charge at the victim.
Kang's state and incident details
have not yet been confirmed...
I'm not one to take things lying down.
Take things lying down?
You thought you could hide the
truth by faking proof and bribing cops?
My gosh. this is unbelievable...
We have a leak.
Find out if the victim is awake
and secure him immediately.
Yes. understood.
The Chairman. in a hit-and-run?
Don't you two know anything about this?
We're just as shocked as you are.
The truth is.
our father gave us a heads-up
before the board meeting.
All I did was try to clean up the mess.
But we didn't know
about the hit-and-run part.
That's right.
He'd apparently been trying
to buy the victim's silence.
Had she not messed with
the dashcam in the car.
we wouldn't have crashed. Father.
That's why he rushed the succession.
He was afraid this would get out.
So. are you saying the Chairman...
confessed to the two of you...
that he was behind the hit-and-run?
Father.
Just please tell us the truth.
Yes. That our father caused the accident...
is true.
True. my foot!
You little scoundrels!
Hey. what's with him? What's wrong?
Oh. gosh!
Hey. what is this? What's going on?
Who are you?
Move. Seon Hee.
I need to get my body back.
Honey!
(Reborn Rookie)
Do you have any idea who I am?
That crazy jerk. Was he
going to headbutt Father?
- Dad!
- You should prepare for the worst.
Your athletic career is over.
You might as well take the money.
We're telling you. we'll
give you whatever you want.
You made the hit-and-run go away.
Now you have to take care of me.
I'm Hwang Jun Hyeon. an
intern at Choiseong Group.
I look forward to working with all of you!
Is this Materials Team Two?
Manager's report? Who
are you. the Chairman?
Me!
- Also known as Kang Me.
- I'll take care of it.
She's a real treasure to our team.
- Reveal who I am. and you're dead.
- About Casey...
Are you saying the Chairman is awake?
Is that what our father said?
That we did it? Do you have proof?
What are you here to
steal? Should I call the cops?
Don't you let him take
one step out of here.
The person who's really
responsible for my hit-and-run is...
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today